feat(replay-javascript): Streamline verify instructions (#11301)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/session-replay/setup/javascript.angular.mdx

});
```

### Verify

While you're testing, we recommend that you set `replaysSessionSampleRate` to `1.0`. This ensures that every user session will be sent to Sentry.

> Once testing is complete, **we recommend lowering this value in production**. We still recommend keeping `replaysErrorSampleRate` set to `1.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once testing is complete, **we recommend lowering this value in production**. We still recommend keeping `replaysOnErrorSampleRate` set to `1.0`.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once testing is complete, **we recommend lowering this value in production**. We still recommend keeping `replaysOnErrorSampleRate` set to `1.0`, so that, whenever possible, every error has an associated replay with additional debugging context.
```
I'd add something like this (feel free to adjust) to explain why it should still be set to 1 and to clarify that this is a different option than above (at first read, I thought `replaysSessionSampleRate` and  `replaysOnErrorSampleRate` were the same thing).
